In the last lecture we explained how the polymorphic one to one relationship looks like.
So now let's take a look at the migration which created this image stable.
So everything what is inside it is fine except this specific relation to the blog post I.D. so we'll
remove that and add those fields that we require right now which is this imaginable I.D. and imaginable
type so let's go ahead and create new migration using BHP artisan make migration and we'll call it up
more
two images table
let's open a new migration.
So we have the scaffolding to work on the images stable and what we have to do first is we will drop
this column so blog post idea.
It doesn't have our foreign key.
So we do not really have to drop anything else now to add the imaginable I.D. or imaginable type.
We can either specify them explicitly so we will add unsigned integer like image label I.D. and then
another one which would be Stringer image able type but we can do something what we did before.
So use a helper method like timestamps which basically creates created out and updated out fields.
So obviously lava has something like that for polymorphic relationships which is scold morphs here you
just specify image able and then it will create both image able idea and image able type.
And also it will create our composite key which will consist of those two fields.
Now we also have to implement Well the down method.
This should create back the column the blog post iodine so we can just copy that from here and then
we should do drop marks and just call it image able okay.
Now please hold a little bit before running this migration and let's see what happens inside the morphs
method.
So this creates a string field.
As I've said with the default length then it creates an unsigned big integer we should have the I.D.
suffix so this was the type suffix so it will create two columns on the table but then it creates an
index which is our composite index which means it is based not on a one column but on the two columns
together.
So this is done to be more efficient on fetching those polymorphic relationships but it will also make
us some trouble.
And it is that if we create an index based on a string and the default length of string is two hundred
fifty five characters inside our my school database.
This would make this key to long.
So if you want to create keys we actually cover that at the beginning of the course.
But I haven't then modified the default string length of the of all the string fields I've just modified
the user email field length to be less than the default 255.
Now let's actually do that.
So what we have to do is you have to use the schema for seed.
So make sure you have this import here and we have to specify default string length to be something
like one hundred ninety one.
So we have to do that because the default string length of 255 characters then it will take four bytes
for each character when you use unicode.
And we are doing that.
And if you multiply it by four this is much more than I guess seven hundred thirty eight which is the
maximum key length.
So definitely this is bigger.
And this would just fail.
So to not cause us any trouble let's just set this default string land to be one hundred ninety one
and only then run this migration.
So if you are really keen to see what I mean why this would be a problem when the key is just too long
you can skip adding this schema default string length run migration and well you will basically basically
see that my sequel error.
Anyway let's run BHP artisan migrate.
Sorry I misspoke.
The common name Peach Pit artisan migrate.
OK so now we have random migration.
And now let's refresh and you can see that we have immeasurable type which is var char that's the length
we have imaginable I.D..
And also there is this composite key which is based on the two columns that imaginable type and imaginable
I.D..
OK.
So we have our changes made.
So the migration modified our database scheme schema.
Now we have to modify the relation definitions inside blog post model inside image itself.
So we will see how this relation actually looks in a lot of old terms and also we'll add a new relation
on the User model which can also hold an image.